add parachains section, add launch guide (#1046)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/knowledgebase/parachains/launch.md

#### 2. Proper Weights & Benchmarking

- Benchmark your runtime and use the generated weight functions (see our [benchmarking guide](../runtime/benchmarking)).
Follow the benchmarking best practices. Don’t use default Substrate weights in production unless
you know what you are doing.

- We recommend having a block weight limit (block production time) of 0.5 seconds in the beginning
due to uncertainties in block execution time. As the execution time of the network stabilizes the
weights limit can be increased to 2 seconds.

#### 3. Recommended Deployment of a Runtime

> **NOTE**: Make sure to deploy the _compressed_ (not compact) version of your runtime to avoid
> complications.

- We advise you to launch your parachain being as slim as possible and do runtime upgrades to
include functionality. The reason behind this is that when performing a runtime upgrade both the
previous runtime and the new runtime are included in the PoV and therefore if the changes are too
big it might not go through. **Always use the compressed version of the runtime to lower the amount
of data being transferred.**

>   Still, in order to avoid storage upgrades, you could do the following:

Reviewer: Is this going to be the default recommendation? This has been told to a few teams for now but is a hack and I don't think that is a good idea to make it a standard. 
Maybe @bkchr can give his PoV here.

  pallets (ensure that pallet indices and names match those used to generate the genesis state in
  step (1) without having to do storage migrations. For more information on on-chain runtime
  upgrades refer to the next section.

- You could also launch your parachain with a feature-complete runtime but limit the functionality
with filters. This however might cause issues if your runtime is too large. Here is [an example](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/pull/476)
of how this was done for Statemine.

### Parachain Runtime Upgrades

[Runtime upgrades](../runtime/upgrades) on a parachain are a bit different than on a solo-chain.
But the following are still required:

- A newly compressed Wasm generated for the runtime and set on-chain (and don't forget to [increment your `spec_version`](../runtime/upgrades#runtime-versioning)).

- State migrations from the old runtime to the new runtime implemented and executed in this Wasm
(for more information refer to [Substrate Runtime Migration Guide](https://hackmd.io/BQt-gvEdT66Kbw0j5ySlWw)
and [this repository](https://github.com/apopiak/substrate-migrations)).

#### Standard Protocol

> > For a demo of solo-chain upgrades, see [this tutorial](../../tutorials/forkless-upgrade/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a demo of runtime upgrades, see [this tutorial](../../tutorials/forkless-upgrade/).
```
